{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20040\viewh15080\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \
Minna Chae\
I worked on Adventurer, Dungeon Adventure, Adventurer Unit Test, Dungeon Adventure Unit Test\
\
Hours spent: 40-50 hours\
\
Short comings: Adventurer Class was easy and only took 1 day and I only created the print statements for Dungeon Adventure. Since I didn't fully understand how to structure the game, or what exactly went into each class, I waited for Dungeon to be workable to start diving into the Dungeon Adventure class. I believe I should have worked on Dungeon Adventure earlier to understand project better and provide help with different modules in Dungeon or create modules I needed in Dungeon earlier.\
\
Other information/Extra Credit for game design: Dungeon Adventure had 4 levels of game play, easy, medium, hard, and player's choice. Player's choice allows the user to choose all of Adventurer's attributes and Dungeon size. User's choice also handles non-int values and doesn't allow negative values for Dungeon dimensions. Player's choice allows for negative attributes to make it harder for game play. If player chooses a 0 or negative values for health points, the player will automatically die.\
\
For game play, a full image of the maze will display in the console. The maze map displays all attributes of the current room (doors, walls, item), --- for previously traveled rooms, and ^^^ for not yet traveled rooms. This allows the player to know where the player is in respect of the dungeon. There is also a print image of only the current room plus feedback on if the player had received any items or incurred any negative health points.\
\
When the player reaches the end of the maze, the player can choose to leave the game or continue traversing through the maze.\
The game will continue until the player has quit the game.\
\
The secure menu option is \'93map\'94 and prints out the full map of the dungeon with all attributes. Map also prints the symbol \'93@\'93 at player\'92s current location. This allows for the developer to know where the player is currently located on the map.\
\
At the end of the game, there are 2 maps printed, one that has been traveled by the player and therefore does not display items picked up during the game. The second is the full original map with all original items.\
}